What did you see? I saw that people and Erlongzi were sitting on the concern.
Ruo Ge is sure that what we say is fake.
Fantasy, stay with me, we'll be there soon,
Otherwise Erlongzi will be our fate, brother.
What to do in Erlongzi's poem?
This morning Er'an's grandma and his family came to clean up at the same time,
But Erlongzi died so far away, will he come to the truth to cause trouble?
On to his family, he was next to his grandmother on the second bank,
When grandma saw him, he didn't feel it,
He doesn't feel that Grandma Er'an has solved the accident for you.
I found Yin Zhan after Su Shi and came down with you.
You will be relieved of your luck, and go with peace of mind.
This is the remaining money, thank you, thank you,
Brother, what are you looking at? It’s nothing. Let’s go.
understand things
It’s time for me to go home, brother
Next time you come to Guanglin Town
I'm in a good mood, I'm here
Bring your eyes back
You actually came back
Get over that
Will definitely do it
now have eyes
What else do you want from me?
The eyes of those who threw salary at that time
Because I can't figure it out clearly
Unless something
Unless you throw my precious pride out of your mouth
All suffer like this one by one
Can it relieve your desire? Yes, bring it.